1) Bonds vs Debenture:
    Bonds are backed up by a collateral or security or a physical asset but Debenture are backed up by the 
    promise made by the issuer.

2) Types of Debentures:
    The four major types of debentures are,
    * Secured Debentures
    * Unsecured Debentures
    * Convertible Debentures
    * Non-convertible Debentures

3) Types of Bonds:
    There are three basic types of bonds: 
    * Treasury bonds
    * municipal bonds
    * corporate bonds

4) Secured Debentures:
    Secured debentures are debentures secured by a charge on the fixed assets of the issuer company. For instance, 
    mortgage debentures secured on land of the company.

5) Unsecured Debentures:
    Unsecured debentures are debentures that are not supported by a collateral security. No specific assets will be set aside   
    against unsecured debentures. It is basically a loan with out any protection. They are backed only by the general credit 
    worthiness of the issuer.

6) Convertable Debentures:
    A convertible debenture is a type of long-term debt issued by a company that can be converted into stock after a specified 
    period. Convertible debentures are usually unsecured bonds or loans meaning that there is no underlying collateral connected    
    to the debt.

7) Non-convertible Debentures: 
    Non-convertible debentures (NCD) are fixed-income instruments, usually issued by high-rated companies in the form of a 
    public issue to accumulate long-term capital appreciation. They offer relatively higher interest rates when compared to 
    convertible debentures.
    Note: Debenture can be secured or unsecured and at the same time can be convertable or non convertable. so there may exist a
    secured non convertable debentures or an unsecured convertable ones.

8) Treasurey Bonds:
    A government bond or sovereign bond is a bond issued by a national government, generally with a promise to pay periodic 
    interest payments called coupon payments and to repay the face value on the maturity date. 

9) Municipal Bonds: 
    A municipal bond, commonly known as a Muni Bond, is a bond issued by a local government or territory, or one of their 
    agencies. It is generally used to finance public projects such as roads, schools, airports and seaports, and infrastructure-
    related repairs.

10) Corporate Bonds:
    A corporate bond is a bond issued by a corporation in order to raise financing for a variety of reasons such as to ongoing 
    operations, M&A, or to expand business. The term is usually applied to longer-term debt instruments, with maturity of at 
    least one year

11) Commercial Papers:
    Commercial paper is usually sold at a discount from face value and generally carries lower interest repayment rates than 
    bonds due to the shorter maturities of commercial paper. Typically, the longer the maturity on a note, the higher the 
    interest rate the issuing institution pays.



