1) Corporate Information Section:
    1) Board of Directors
    2) Accounting Firm
    3) Banking Partners
2) Read Director (/ chairman / MD) Report:
    1) Financial summary, revenue growth, profit growth etc
    2) Reasons for current year's performance
    3) Plans for future
3) Read Management Discussion and Analysis:
    1) Understand the various business
    2) What are the different products or services
    3) Companies position in market
    4) Look for Credit Rating Change if any
    Note: BFL's Annual Report is template for multibagger. It has the following flow in it.
	    1) Starts with what BFL has achieved in current year
	    2) Discusses gobal and regional outllok and how it may affect the company's perfomance
	    3) Consistant rewards to its employees (increase in salary and commisions)
	    4) Every report has now product or service introduced
    	5) Always Aims at being the market leader and not follower and that is how it plans all its products !!!
4) Read the Material Development Section:
	1) This may contains details like change in shareholding, issue of bonus shares etc
5) Financial calendar :
    1) This section would give all the important event's dates.
    eg, BFL FY2013 Report had a section called "Financial calendar for FY2014" with following information
        Unaudited first quarter financial results           July 2013
        Unaudited second quarter financial results          October 2013
        Unaudited third quarter financial results           January 2014
        Audited annual results                              May 2014
        Mailing of annual reports                           June 2014
        Annual general meeting                              July 2014
6) Dividend Information:
        1) Dividend paid this year, change in dividend from last year
7) Shareholding pattern information:
        1) Higher FII and Promoter holding's is a positive sign
        2) Also look for change in share holding like increase or decrease in share holding's of promoter or FII
           as increase in holdings indicates confidence on the company and decrease indicates otherwise.
8) Human Resources section:
        1) HR policies, employee friendliness, increase or decrease of employees. 
        2) Look for employee strength growth.
9) Communication to shareholders:
        1) This section describes the modes of communication to shareholders
        eg) From BFL FY2014, Quarterly, half yearly and annual financial results are published in Business Standard
            (all editions) and Kesari (Pune edition) along with the official press release. An abridged version
            of the financial results is also published in Mint (all editions), Hindustan Times (all editions),
            Hindu Business Lines (all editions) and Economic Times (all editions). The Company also sends the
            half–yearly financial results, along with a detailed write–up, to all shareholders. 
