------------
2009 - 2010:
------------
1) 87 % increase in credit lended (266 % growth in mortgauge)
2) 30 % Revenue growth; and 164 % profit growth (Revenue is 910 Cr)
3) CRISIL had given FAAA stable credit rating to Bajaj Finace's FD schemes, the only NBFC at that time to get it.
4) The company had Capital adequacy ratio (CAR) of 26% (RBI Norm: 12 %)
5) Bjaj Finance gained two wheeler finance market share in 2010 beacuse most of the competetiors have exited due to 2008 crisis.
6) started giving personal loans to customers with good auto loan credit history
7) Company put emphasis on retaining right talent by providing good compensation and introduced employee stock options
8) Shri Nanoo Pamnani, Independent director with experience form CITI Bank
9) They had Shri Dipak Poddar, 67 is B.Sc.(Hons.), SB & SM (MIT), educated at
   Massachusetts Institute of Technology, (Note: I would have bought just for this !!)
10) Promoter group 50.52 % and FII 17.9 %
11) CA: Dalal & SHAH

------------
2010 - 2011:
------------
1) Company Name is changed to "Bajaj Finance Ltd" from "Bajaj Auto Finance Ltd"
2) In gross deployment, consumer durables is the highest even above auto loans
3) Launched three new product lines viz. Construction equipment finance, Retail loans against securities and Home   loans.
4) Capital adequacy ratio is 20 % reduced from 26 % in previous year
5) The RBI has also changed classification of the Company from "Asset Finance Company" to a "Loan Company".
6) The net non-performing assets stood at 0.8% in FY2011
7) At present, the Company is financing one out of every five LCD and plasma TVs in the country, and finances products of all leading consumer durable manufacturers.
8) The Company launched its construction equipment finance business in FY2011 and The Company has started its foray in infrastructure finance business towards the end of the fiscal year
9) marketing and other commision grew by 91 % ( sign of good relationship with employees) as revenue grew by 53 % and profit grew by 176%.
10) Promoter & Promoter Group share holding increased from 50.52% to 56.07% while FII's holdings reduced from 17.91% to 5.52 %
11) Consumer Loans growth is due to Direct Cash Collection model used by bajaj finance. (Thing Now thought off at that time!)
12) Made a agreement with Central bank of india to off Load thier NPA (very clever; after which Central Bank's stock plumeted).

------------
2011 - 2012:
------------
1) Bajaj fiance is has become the undisputed market leader in consumer durable financing (10% market share) and had no competition (Reason of the incredible growth!)
2) BFL is financing 1 in every 4 LCD and plasma TV sold in the country. (last year it was 1 in 5)
3) It now offers, at the time of the first consumer durable loan to its customers, an option to apply for an EMI (Existing Member Identification) card. For all incremental consumer durable loans, the customer will be able to ‘Swipe, Sign and Go’, subject to the payment performance remaining good.
4) Personal Loan cross sell: This business is present in top 81 cities of India. It targets customers with good repayment
history of their two-wheeler and/or consumer durables loans to cross-sell a personal loan.
5) The company has entered into a strategic partnership with Standard Chartered Bank and launched a co-branded credit card (‘Platinum’ and ‘World Card’) for customers with a good repayment track record.
6) The company has continued not to levy upon its customers any pre-payment or part-pre-payment charges for mortgage loans.
7) Called ‘Flexisaver’, this product offers customers the flexibility to ‘draw when they want’ and ‘pay when they want’ without any extra charges — the first of its kind in this space.
8) Business Loans: This business is present in the top 31 cities across India. Deployments grew by 36% to ` 899 crore in FY2012. The company’s strategy of focusing on carefully chosen affluent small business customers has been extended to include unsecured loans to doctors as well.
9) Vendor Financing: It focuses on short and medium term lending needs of vendors of large auto manufacturers.
10) Its risk management policies continue to segregate the functions of a Chief Risk Officer and a Chief Credit Officer to focus on portfolio management and underwriting.
11) Bajaj Finance ended the year with a
net NPA of 0.12%, which is amongst the lowest in the industry. ( Thanks to Central bank of India)
12) The board of directors has also approved, at its meeting held on 26 March 2012, payment of an amount of ` 6,500,000 to Nanoo Pamnani, vice chairman, and non-executive independent director, as additional commission for the time devoted by him in attending to the business of the company during the FY2012.

-----
Note:
-----
Till Now I am insanely impressed with BFl's clarity and confidence on what have done and what they are going to do. This annual report is how a multibagger's annual report should like, 

------------
2012 - 2013:
------------
1) The quality of Bajaj Finance’s loan book continued to remain strong despite a tough economic environment with net non-performing assets (NPAs) remaining at 0.19% demonstrating strong credit quality
2) It further strengthened provisioning and took an accelerated provisioning impact of ` 16.71 crore
3) In the course of the fiscal year, Bajaj Finance raised capital to the tune of ` 831 crore mainly by way of conversion of warrants and a rights issue, taking its capital adequacy to a healthy 21.95% as on 31 March 2013
4) Present in the top 91 cities of the country, Bajaj Finance continued to be the largest consumer durables lender in India. It helped finance 13% of all consumer electronics sold in the year. Consumer durable financing deployments grew by 42% in FY2013
5) BFL is currently financing one out of every four LCD and plasma televisions sold in the country (same as FY12)
6) BFL has a unique and innovative product offering called the EMI (Existing Member Identification) card for its existing consumer durable customers. The card entitles a customer to obtain a loan for incremental consumer durables with the facility to ‘Swipe, Sign and Go’, so long as the earlier loans and payment performance have remained good. This product has been well received and has been extremely successful. Today, the number of EMI cards in force exceeds 1 million.
7) And to broaden its customer acquisition engine, the Company launched India’s fastest online personal loans in August 2012. This facility allows the customer to obtain an approval for a loan up to ` 15 lakh in 15 minutes using a digital medium.
8) Given the changing socio-economic spectrum with rising aspirations and a growing demand for better lifestyle products, it was natural to extend the existing ‘Zero per cent’ interest offering for consumer durables to financing lifestyle products like furniture, home furnishings, fitness equipment, luxury watches and so on. Bajaj Finance has tied-up with premium brands like: @home, Evok, Durian, Reliance Living, StyleSpa, Damro, Hometown, Proline, Yamaha
Music, Ethos Watches and Apple. FY2013 was the first year of this launch. It saw over 37,000 disbursements across over 1,000 retailer stores spread among 25 locations.
9) Bajaj focuses on the super affluent class — high net worth small business, self-employed and salaried customers to
offer them loans against the mortgage of retail, residential or commercial premises and home loans. Bajaj Finance has continued not to levy any pre-payment or part-pre-payment charges upon its customers.
10) After building a book size of ` 922 crore until last year, the Company took a conscious decision to slow down this business, given the problems that are facing infrastructure and construction in India. Its strategy was proven right since the condition of this portfolio showed signs of stress throughout the year. BFL concentrated on maintaining the quality of its portfolio during FY2013 and fresh deployments during the year were only ` 349 crore.
11) BFL continued to raise longer tenor borrowings in FY2013 as well. Another strategy adopted to keep a balanced ALM was to enter into strategic partnership with banks who are keen on good quality assets and assign long tenor receivables to them at mutually beneficial terms.
12) Bajaj Finance expects to maintain its performance in FY2014 and hopes to grow at a rate faster than the growth of bank credit.
13) The Company has appointed Karvy Computershare Private Limited, Hyderabad, as its share transfer agent.
14) CRISIL has re-affirmed the highest rating of “FAAA/Stable” for the fixed deposit programme of the Company

-----
Note:
-----
After reading FY13 report, as I said earlier, I am impressed by the clarity and confidence of BFL, I get a feeling that highly qualifed professionals run this company and review this report and the sheer confidence of BFL to say something like "Bajaj Finance expects to maintain its performance in FY2014 and hopes to grow at a rate faster than the growth of bank credit" impresses me the most, as an Investor while reading other comapnies report, this what I should look for, such confidence!!.

------------
2013 - 2014:
------------
1) Inflation remained relatively high and sticky throughout FY2014, making it difficult for the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to pursue a stable, yet growth oriented, monetary policy. Investments for capital formation dried up. According to rough estimates, a real GDP growth of 7% in India requires gross fixed capital formation (GFCF) to be in the region of 36% to 37% of GDP. Thanks to a poor investment climate, the GFCF for FY2014 is estimated at 32.5% of
GDP — well short of what is needed to significantly boost growth.
2) Loan deployment had risen by 34% to H 26,024 crore. Consumer lending grew by 36% and small and medium enterprise (SME) lending by 52%. Commercial lending, however, de–grew by 11% due to your Company’s cautious stance on the precarious state of India’s infrastructure sector. (the Infracture bubble popped in 2019 !)
3) Capital adequacy as on 31 March 2014 was 19.14%
4) In FY2014, it further strengthened this by opting for an accelerated provisioning of H 38.4 crore, which has taken up the Company’s loan losses and provisions to H 258 crore. Thanks to caution and robust risk management, BFL’s net NPAs were at 0.28% of total assets.
5) Present in 117 cities of India, BFL continued to be the largest consumer durables lender in country — and helped finance 15% of all consumer electronics sold in the year
6) Unfortunately, we did not get the licence. Only two NBFCs did of the many that applied. I presume that the RBI had its reasons. But I remain sure that we were and continue to be well positioned to transit towards being a full–fledged bank
7) However, retail finance continued its strong performance owing to low consumer leverage and large untapped demand. A clear demographic shift in favour of a younger population aspiring for a better lifestyle should continue to drive strong demand for all retail finance products for the foreseeable future. (How to find consumer leverage!!, may from BFL's Books haha)
8) BFL has added Wealth Management and fee based product distribution to its verticals.
9) Prudent asset liability management (ALM) helped BFL withstand policy rate increases of 75 bps and tight liquidity conditions with only a marginal increase in the cost of borrowings for FY2014.
10) The Construction Equipment and Infrastructure Finance portfolio collectively declined by 17% from H 1,150 crore in FY2013 to H 949 crore in FY2014. By remaining focused on customer segments that it understands well, BFL expects to maintain its credit quality in the coming years.
11) ts capital adequacy remains at a healthy 19.14% as on 31 March 2014; and it remains well capitalised to fuel growth for the next few years
12) In FY2014, BFL started to focus on one of the largest and the fastest growing consumer durable products, namely digital products financing. This category extension has yielded solid growth in the year. The Company has tied up with leading digital product manufacturers like Samsung, Apple, Dell, and others for this initiative.
13) Lifestyle product financing (i.e. financing for lifestyle products like furniture, home furnishings, fitness equipment, luxury watches, etc.), a two year old initiative, has begun to yield substantial benefits to strengthen its dominance in the consumer lending space. BFL now offers lifestyle product financing in top 30 cities and has presence at over 3,500 points of sale. Lifestyle financing products disbursement grew by 184% to 108,000 customers in FY2014.
14) At present, the number of EMI cards in force exceeds 1.8 million versus 1 million in FY2013.
15) Bajaj Finance believes in continued customer association and hence targets customers with good repayment history of their two-wheeler and/or consumer durables loans to cross-sell personal loans. Present in the top 117 cities, the Company financed over 121,000 new customers during FY2014
16) BFL launched its Rural Lending business in FY2014. The strategy is to focus on affluent rural customers by meeting their lending and wealth needs. At present, it offers consumer durable loans, gold loans, refinance loans and fixed deposits in 68 towns and villages in FY2014. The Company disbursed H 77 crore to 22,000 customers in FY2014.
17) Flexisaver, introduced in the last fiscal year, has been well accepted. This gives credit-worthy customers the flexibility to ‘draw when they want’ and ‘pay when they want’.
18) Given the difficult state of this sector in India, BFL has systematically reduced its exposure in the Construction Equipment vertical from a peak of H 1,056 crore to H 448 crore as on 31 March 2014.
19) BFL launched its fixed deposit programme as an anchor wealth management product in FY2014, The response has been strong with the Company raising over H 200 crore from over 7,300 customers in less than 90 days of its launch.
20) The Company partnered with Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited (BAGIC) to launch health insurance distribution for its existing customers in FY2014. Today, it is among the largest health insurance distributors for BAGIC in India. Similarly, it continued to grow its life insurance distribution, partnering with Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Limited (BALIC) as a corporate agent and is a significant life insurance distributor for BALIC.
21) As an innovation, BFL launched a SME rating product for its existing SME customers in partnership with CRISIL in FY2014. In the process, it has helped over 1,000 SMEs to get rated in FY2014. BFL continues to focus on enhancing its cross-sell capabilities and on increasing “Products per Customer”
22) In FY2014, Bajaj Finance established a Centre of Excellence for Analytics in partnership with a leading 
analytics company. Through this Centre and otherwise, BFL expects to substantially raise its risk management capabilities especially in the area of consumer lending risk management. 
23) BFL’s conservative approach to portfolio management and its rigorous portfolio review mechanism has enabled it to get early stress signals in the infrastructure sector and take corrective action in its infrastructure and construction equipment business. Bajaj Finance ended the year with a net NPA of 0.28%, which is among the lowest in the industry.
24) It is worth noting that BFL became the first NBFC to tie up with UIDAI to access the e-KYC customer database. This will substantially improve customer experience and should help grow the business in the upcoming years
25) the Company increased the limit on the borrowing powers of the Board of Directors from H 20,000 crore to H 30,000 crore, to meet its growing business needs.
26) During FY2014, the Company allotted 364,000 equity shares to the trustees of BFL Employee Welfare Trust under Employee Stock Option Scheme, 2009.


-----
Note:
-----
Year after year BFL's Annual report has grown quality and transperency and still maintaining its core like the company and it's share price. So change in quality of annual report, is sign of growth!.

------------
2014 - 2015:
------------
1) I need to emphasise three facts. First, Bajaj Finance has done well in every segment of its business, be it Consumer Lending, SME Lending, Commercial Lending, Rural Lending or the collection of fixed deposits and the distribution of fee based financial products. Second, it has prudently de-grown precisely where it needed to do so — namely in infrastructure and construction equipment financing, where the conditions are very poor and default risks relatively high. Third, and this is a personal favourite, your Company has done well in its relatively new rural lending business. Launched in FY2014, receivables under rural lending has grown from B 50 crore last year to B 333 crore in FY2015.
2) securities up to B 1,400 crore through the Qualified Institutions Placement (QIP) route to Qualified Institutional Buyers, and (ii) preferential issue of warrants up to 925,000 warrants convertible into an equivalent number of equity shares to Bajaj Finserv Limited, the promoter of the Company amounting to approx. B 400 crore.
3) The Union Budget for FY2016 has clearly stated that an NBFC registered with the RBI with asset size of B 500 crore or more will be considered as a ‘Financial Institution’ in terms of SARFAESI Act, 2002. This has been a long-standing demand of NBFCs and will help these institutions in more rapid recovery of dues from persistent defaulters, and thus provide a level playing field with banks.
4) Prudent asset liability management (ALM) and a judicious mix of borrowings between banks, money markets and fixed deposits have helped BFL drop its cost by borrowings by around 25 bps in FY2015.
5) As of 31 March 2015, BFL’s total borrowings stood at B 26,691 crore. Its capital adequacy remains at a healthy 17.97%. Tier I capital adequacy stood at 14.15%.
6) BFL continued to be one of the largest consumer durable lenders in India, being present in 161 cities across the country with deployments of B 10,093 crore – growth of 49% over FY2014. Its unique Existing Member Identification (EMI) card enables customers to avail instant credit. Consumer Durable financing through EMI cards grew by 215% over FY2014.
7) BFL has tied up with leading manufacturers like Samsung, Apple authorised resellers and Sony amongst others in its digital products financing. Lifestyle products (financing for products like furniture, home furnishings, etc.) is present in around 3,800 dealer counters. The combined growth in deployments in digital and lifestyle financing in FY2015 was 173%.
8)In FY2015, BFL furthered its rural footprint by setting up branches in Maharashtra and Gujarat.
9) Given the problems plaguing the infra sector, BFL has exited the Construction Equipment (CE) financing business and has been selective in infrastructure lending too. Due to the above, the CE and infra loan book de-grew by 84% and 20% in FY2015. 
10) As at end of FY2015, the Company has built a fixed deposit base of B 983 crore, compared to B 211 crore in FY2014. The fixed deposit scheme has been rated FAAA/Stable by CRISIL and MAAA/Stable by ICRA.
11) In FY2015, the Company partnered with Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Limited (BAGIC) to launch extended warranty insurance for consumer durables.
12) An innovative product called the ‘Property Fitness Report’ was launched in FY2015. It provides various insights into the property against which a loan is being disbursed. This offering coupled with its existing offerings viz: Financial Fitness Report (FFR) and SME rating product (in partnership with CRISIL) diversified the Company’s fee based offerings.
13) Marketing commission is reduced by 34 % (Maybe because of going online ?) 
14) Disaster Recovery (DR) data centres have been set up to ensure business continuity for customer acquisition, loan processing and servicing.
15) BFL was recognised as among the top three employers in the Banking and Financial Services Industries space by Great Places to Work. It was also recognised by AON Hewitt in its ranking of the best employers in India.
16) Dividend will be paid by account payee/non–negotiable instruments or through the National Electronic Clearing Service (NECS)/Electronic Clearance Service (ECS), the Company will continue to pay dividend through NECS wherever
the facility is available
17) the Company increased the limit on the borrowing powers of the Board of Directors from B 30,000 crore to B 50,000 crore, to meet its growing business needs.

------------
2015 - 2016:
------------
1)According to the Government of India’s Central Statistical Organisation, India’s real GDP will have grown by 7.6% in FY2016 compared to the previous year, and real gross value added (GVA) by 7.3%. Moreover, the data suggests that our growth rate is picking up — from 7.2% in FY2015 in terms of GDP, and from 7.1% in terms of GVA. 
2) I accept this data. Equally, I somehow feel that an economy that increased its national income by over 7% in real terms — a growth rate that is higher than any developed country or any other emerging market major — ought to have shown some more tangible indices of growth. I refer to a pick up in corporate investments and capital expenditure, an increase in consumer spending, a noticeable rise in household savings and a sound double–digit growth in credit off–take. These haven’t happened so far. Perhaps we are in the early days yet, and that the ‘green
shoots’ are taking longer to grow.
3) The new Rural Lending business — grew its receivables under finance from H 50 crore in FY2014 to H 333 crore in FY2015 and now to H 1,339 crore in FY2016
4) Banks have passed on a part of the benefits of eased liquidity and rate cuts, but not enough given the difficult state of their books thanks to the burden of significant non–performing assets (NPAs).This encumbrance has also put a damper on the growth in bank credit, which grew at 11.3% in FY2016 versus 9.5% in the previous year — not the kind of uptick that one associates with a GDP growth of 7.6%. Growth in bank deposits too has been muted: rising at 9.9% in FY2016, which was 150 bps less than what had occurred in the previous year. This relatively lower deposit growth has not given sufficient avenues to the banks to improve their net interest margins, which was essential for the industry to cover the huge surge in NPAs.
5) Indeed, the four key issues in the banking sector are: (i) Will the banks have sufficient strength to correctly account for their NPAs and take the additional hits that they need to? (ii) What will that do to their lending appetite as India tries to grow at 8% per annum? (iii) Can there be a sensible way in which some of the NPAs be taken off the books and be located in asset reconstruction companies (ARCs) who must have the freedom to expeditiously re–sell or dispose such assets in parts or in the whole? And (iv) Is there a sensible way for the exchequer to recapitalise the public sector banks bereft of moral hazard, so that they can shore up their capital base and refocus on the core business of collecting deposits and lending? Regarding the last issue, while the Union
Budget for 2016–17 has allocated H 25,000 crore for bank recapitalisation, it is clearly not enough.
6) India Ratings expects NBFCs to account for over 17% of the total credit in the country by FY2019, compared to 13.1% at the end of the FY2015 and 9.4% in the FY2006
7) NBFCs were a small part of the financial services business with a small resource base. Today, the equity of leading NBFCs is comparable with or larger than many mid–sized banks. The combined market capitalisation of the top 10 NBFCs is now twice that of mid and small–sized public sector banks.
8) The Union Budget for 2016–17 has proposed to introduce deduction of the provision for NPAs by NBFCs under the Income Tax Act — hitherto available only to banks. This, coupled with the recommendation in the Union Budget of 2015–16 that NBFCs registered with the RBI with asset size of H 500 crore or more be considered as ‘financial institutions’ in terms of the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest (SARFAESI) Act, 2002, now creates a level playing field with the banks.
9) Value added services vertical is added. which has Life Insurance Distribution, General Insurance Distribution, Mutual Fund Distribution, Credit Rating Distribution, Property Fitness Reports Distribution, Financial Fitness, Report Distribution, Insurance Risk Report Distribution, Property Search Services.
10) To fuel its medium term growth plans, the Company raised capital by issue of shares to Qualified Institutional Buyers (QIBs) amounting to about H 1,400 crore. Simultaneously, a preferential allotment of convertible warrants was made to Bajaj Finserv Limited (‘Bajaj Finserv’), the holding company, amounting to approximately H 400 crore.
11) Its unique Existing Member Identification (EMI) card, with a base of over 5.6 million, enables customers to avail instant credit after the first purchase. Consumer durable financing through EMI cards grew by 67% over FY2015. Wide geographic presence coupled with extensive EMI card base provides BFL with an inherent growth platform.
12) The Company launched a first of its kind consumer durable mobile app for its customers in FY2016. This app provides the customer ease and convenience of ‘anytime anywhere’ loan approval with minimal data entry and is available across all mobile platforms. 
13) BFL has over the years expanded its consumer durable financing to digital products and lifestyle products. It has tied up with leading manufacturers like Apple, Sony, Samsung, Dell, OPPO, Vivo among others for its digital products financing. It operates lifestyle products financing (for furniture, home furnishings, etc.) and digital product financing nation–wide in approximately 6,400 dealer counters. The combined growth in deployment of digital and lifestyle financing in FY2016 was 99%
14) The digital products financing business launched a partnership model called ‘Digital Activate’ by combining strengths of the retailer and BFL. In this model BFL brings the strength of its technology and franchise while the retailers commit the last mile delivery to create a distinct business model to grow volumes. As a part of this initiative, BFL has pre–approved 4 million of its customers with a mobile or laptop offer with 3–hour delivery commitment that is expected to be met by the retailer (Like Amazon.com ?)
15) An e–commerce finance business was launched with a ‘Seller Finance’ offering for registered sellers of Flipkart and Snapdeal in FY2016, and deployed H 201 crore across 190 sellers in the country. An E–Commerce Consumer Finance business was also launched to offer customers the ease and convenience of EMI–based purchasing on the online platforms.
16) Personal Loans Cross–sell and Salaried Personal Loan deployments increased, respectively, by 63% and 75% over FY2015. Growing customer franchise, investment in analytics capabilities, increased focus in expanding business in emerging cities coupled with robust risk management has enabled this strong growth
17) During the year, BFL transitioned its retail mortgage business to a 100% ‘Direct to Customer’ model — in
order to benefit from lower costs and create sustainable return on equity. As part of this strategy, BFL, henceforth, will only sell to its large existing customer franchise. While the transition resulted in some de–growth in business volumes during this year, it should deliver higher growth and better financials from next fiscal.
18) Secured lending is done through three product offerings: Loan Against Property, Lease Rental Discounting and Home Loans. Secured SME lending continued to be in a hyper–competitive state throughout FY2016 as it was a year earlier, with loan sourcing being dominated by various intermediaries. During the year, BFL transitioned its retail mortgage business to a 100% ‘Direct to Customer’ model — in order to benefit from lower costs and create sustainable return on equity. As part of this strategy, BFL, henceforth, will only sell to its large existing customer franchise. While the transition resulted in some de–growth in business volumes during this year, it should deliver higher growth and better financials from next fiscal.
19) Unsecured lending is done through two product offerings: Business Loans and Professional Loans. During the year, BFL launched a digital system for underwriting SME customers for unsecured loans. This removes personal judgment in underwriting and significantly reduces processing costs. An added benefit is higher business growth as a result of ease of processing.
20)The Company has continued to strengthen its cross–sell initiative to SME customers with a revamped relationship management approach. In FY2016, it re–enforced a dedicated relationship management team powered by a sophisticated analytics driven technology platform to provide superior customer experience and help grow the business. BFL offers multiple lending products and value added services best suited for these target customers need.
21)Relationship Management business deployed H 1,479 crore between five different business lines: Business Loans, SME Home Loans, Loan against Property, Salaried Home Loans and Loan against Securities.
22) The Commercial Lending business expanded its offerings in the mid–market client segment through launch of three new industry verticals to expand coverage. These were Corporate Finance, Financial Institutions Group (FIG) Lending business and the Light Engineering business. BFL’s Auto Component Manufacturers’ Financing business remained stable in FY2016.
23) The Company’s Construction Equipment (CE) Finance and Infrastructure Finance book contracted  68% and 26% respectively in FY2016. This is a part of the Company’s conscious strategy to exit two sectors. BFL has made adequate provisioning in these businesses in FY2016 to cover losses.
24) As at end of FY2016, BFL had a fixed deposit base of H 2,243 crore (a growth of 128%), compared to H 983 crore in FY2015, which contributed to 6% of the total borrowings. The fixed deposit scheme has been rated FAAA/Stable by CRISIL and MAAA/Stable by ICRA.
25) As an alternate method to focus on retail fixed deposits and cross–sell of other products, a channel comprising independent financial advisers (IFAs) was launched in FY2016. This has generated total business of H 150 crore in the first nine months after the launch via 732 empanelled IFAs
26) BFL has dedicated a new pillar, the ‘Operational Risk Framework’ to effectively identify, measure, report, monitor and control such risks
27) It uses analytics capabilities for making appropriate product offerings to customers, marketing campaign management, risk management and customer experience. It has built a comprehensive range of predictive models including propensity to purchase, application scorecards, behavioural scorecards, collection scorecards and fraud scorecards. BFL has, and will continue to, actively invest in analytics to create customised cross-sell propositions for its customer franchise, deliver attractive yet suitably differentiated propositions and enhance productivity, efficiency as well as profits
28) During the year, BFL received the ASA (Authentication Service Agency) license from Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI). This will enable the Company to get customers' KYC (Aadhar) information electronically, thereby in delivering a superior buying experience to customers across all lines of businesses.
